children i'm sorry to say one of your
lunches exploded
who has the little bunny fufu lunchbox
um
that would be me please children don't
be cruel
nelson might be poor but i'm sure he has
the seven dollars for today's field trip
um well actually
what do you care mrs crabapple or should
i say
mrs crab apple
crabapple i never thought of that it
totally works
oh how could i have been so blind
rolling rolling rolling arctic barrel
rolling
they're so hot and glowing we'll die
smithers the board of directors is
coming here today i don't want them to
see snap crackle and pop down there just
give them each a nickel and send them to
moose
at this museum you won't see a
michelangelo
but you might see michael landon and
beverly d'angelo
this blows let's sneak off
oh a lot of that went in my lungs
attention american bar devils it's our
anniversary
free drinks for everyone i have given
manjula many gifts including a bouquet
of flowers
diamond earrings and we're going to see
paris milhouse why are you acting so
crazy
did your imaginary friend try to kill
you again no
walter's been cool bart i gotta say
something and
it's not easy
check it out i'm writing some guy named
ironside
wow my bananas are in danger i don't
wanna go home
i'm not done talking to me just get out
this door rummy and you're the city's
problem
oh you poor soul you think that rat is a
remote
[Music]
you think you can dance
my mom got a job in capital city capital
city
you can't move that far you're my best
friend
luanne what are you doing look kirk i
need a fresh start
get in the carmel house
[Music]
this isn't over i'll fight you with
every lunch half hour i get
why are your clothes so dirty and why do
you smell like liquor
have you been clubbing
[Music]
here it is i am so
wasted oh my god oh my god we're having
a simultaneous pass out
now i got new friends guys who get me
there's one right now who is it is it
ralph
it is not ralph hi bart
hmm oh loveless loners are so
lucky there's no way i can afford to
give marge a nice anniversary present
listen you have any pointers for a
newbie i think you would do well
with crazy guy cooking pepsi are the
same thing
wake up people come a little
oh no oh no oh no
oh yes milhouse
bart's here what up b milhouse is that
you
yeah i gave my look some new flavor suck
it in
now please let me give you a wedgie in
front of these guys
no way please i'll be gentle
oh fine
i'll always love you bart springfield
baby
[Music]
bart honey it's a nice day why don't you
play outside
outside that's where me and milhouse
played
hey moldy locks mom says i'm supposed to
help you fine you can confirm the
accuracy of the hose
you wet your pants shut up it's a
serious problem
i also found this in your drawer
all the answers you need are in here
happy anniversary oh my god
oh my god
kids go ride bikes for a while huh
yeah you heard your mother
just forget everything you know about
gravity but i know so much about it
look we can go inside
[Music]
oh arrowheads oh pictograph hey we
shouldn't tell anyone we were here
this place should be our special secret
mr bojangles
[Music]
we're all bojangles
got your wife the earrings man why are
you still doing this
i want to get a second house closer to
work
the mound builders worship turtles as
well as badgers snakes and other animals
thank god we've come to our senses and
worship a carpenter who lived 2
000 years ago hi jamie
um some other time
maybe today i'm just hanging out at home
i think i'm just gonna hang out at home
oh my god my brother's my best friend
oh my god my sister's my best friend
i can't believe they're hanging out
maybe she'll be a good influence on him
or maybe he'll corrupt her it won't last
brothers and sisters are natural enemies
listen mr hobo you may not have laundry
to wash but i do
now what do you want to show me
there's your husband aka mucholini homer
but marge it was all for you to buy all
the nice things you deserve
and to remind you of what you've done
i'm going to keep these earrings and
wear them at social occasions
i don't understand hi lisa i brought you
the cap city version of monopoly
those cap city kids don't think i'm cool
anymore i knew you'd blow it
now let me show you that mound you told
him our secret
hey he's my best friend oh
i see how it is i think i'll go to bed
now what's wrong
nothing oh boy are you in trouble
what are you talking about when a woman
says nothing's wrong that means
everything's wrong hey lis you want to
play cap city monopoly
look just because milhouse is gone
doesn't mean you have to pretend to be
my friend
bart will make your bed for a week what
really bart will give back the malibu
stacy head you thought was lost
oh bart that's really sweet
just because i have milhouse back
doesn't mean i haven't learned a few
things about being a brother
all right
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]